Update release notes 23.7 (#16357)
woocommerce/woocommerce-ios: CHANGELOG.md

<!--
Contains editorialized release notes. Raw release notes should go into `RELEASE-NOTES.txt`.
-->
## 23.7

> This update brings smooth UK Tap to Pay via Stripe, clearer card onboarding error tips, and automatic SSO sign-ins for key admin tasks. Order creation now picks the right variations, and eligible merchants can share quick POS feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This update brings Tap to Pay on iPhone to UK stores using Stripe, and automatic SSO sign-ins for web admin tasks. We made card payment onboarding error tips clearer, and fixed an intermittent bug with adding variations to an order. Lastly, iPad users can share quick feedback about Point of Sale.
```

Saying "tap to pay" alone might get us rejected, and I think this is a little clearer with the other changes too.

Author: Thx. Looks good.
